Java oops concepts

1) Encapsulation
	Encapsulation means enclose something. just like medical capsule the medical 
	contains inside of its coting. it similar work in oops.

2)Abstraction
	Abstraction means Hide unneccessory informstion. the main purpose of absstraction 
	is hiding unnecesssory details from the user.

3)Inheritance
	Inheritance is procedure in which a class inherits the attribute and member function 
	of another class.
	1)Single level
		in this inheritance a single derived class inherits the attribute and method of a single base class.
	2)multilevel
		in this inheritance a deriverd class created from another derived class.
	3)hirarchical
		in this in heritance more than one class inherits the properties of a single base class.
	4)hybrid
		in this is a combination of more than one inheritance.
	*5)Multiple inheritance (Java does not sopport the multiple inheritance because its leads adeadly diamond problame.)
		 in this inheritance a derived class inherits properties of more than one base classes.

4)Polymorphism
	polymorphism means ability to perform a single task in many ways.
	polymorphism have two types: Runtime polymorphism and Compiletime polymorphism
	i)Compliletime Polymorphism- Method Overloading and Operator overloading
		* Method overloading
			In method overloading should have more than one method with same name,
			same return type,same class but Diff. parameters.
	ii)Runtime polymorphism - Method Overriding
		*Method Overriding
			In method Overriding should have more than one method in diff. class 
			with same name, same return type, same parameter.

*5) Object
	Object is instance of class.
*6)Class
	Class is blue print of object, class is collection of Data members and member functions.


*)Loop
	loop is a sequance of instructions that is continiously repeated until condition is true.

*)Interface
	interface is a blueprint of a class. it has static,constant and abstract methods.
	interface is a machanism to archiveb abstraction.
	interface can have abstract method and variables. it can not have a method body.
